NAME: Animesh Mangu
UID: 804-771-005
TA: Guangyu Zhou

Laboratory 3 Log: Installing a Small Change to a Big Package

To begin this lab, I downloaded the coreutils package off of the assignment
spec into a temporary Documents directory. Following this, I untarred the
file coreutils-7.6-tar.gz using the "tar -xzvf" command. Then, as specified
by the INSTALL file, I created a new directory titled CUINS to house the
install files created by the following installation.

The installation process included using the command "./configure --prefix=/w/
home.13/ee/ugrad/animesh/Documents/CUINS" to install the base coreutils files,
followed by the commands "make" and "make install" to properly implement
each command in the CUINS folder. This completed the basic installation
process of coreutils.

Following this installation, I verified that the bug presented in the
assignment existed in the current version of coreutils using the command
"/bin/ls -a -A". As expected, the command outputted the existing files and
included the bugged ". .."  Seeing as the bug does exist in the coreutils
package I began patching the bug using the patch notes found in the spec.

To begin this process I used the command vim pfile to create and open a file
name pfile in vim. In this file I pasted and saved the patch notes given by
the assignment.  I then used the command "patch -p1 < pfile" to alter the
contents of the installed coreutils files in accordance with those listed
in the patch notes. The news file outputted a hunk error but upon inspection
of the nested file was changed properly.

To verify that the entire patch went through correctly I used the command
"/bin/ls -a -A" within the CUINS directory and got the desired ls output
excluding the ". ..". Once that was done, all the specified tasks had been
completed.

The END!
